Revise conflict data resolution enhancement during data import (#16861)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-configuration.md

# Note that this parameter is only used in scenarios where the target table is empty.
# parallel-import = false

> # The `duplicate-resolution` parameter is deprecated starting from v8.0.0 and will be removed in v8.5.0. For more information, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode-usage#the-old-version-of-conflict-detection-deprecated-in-v800>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The `duplicate-resolution` parameter is deprecated starting from v8.0.0 and will be removed in a future release. For more information, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode-usage#the-old-version-of-conflict-detection-deprecated-in-v800>.
```
